README.md, before:


## 🌐 Socials:
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/camerato_thiago.dev) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)]([https://www.linkedin.com/in/thiago-camerato-2931841a6/]) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:cameratothiago@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=plastic&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=plastic&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-%23013243.svg?style=plastic&logo=numpy&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=plastic&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=plastic&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=plastic&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/sqlite-%2307405e.svg?style=plastic&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=plastic&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![Anaconda](https://img.shields.io/badge/Anaconda-%2344A833.svg?style=plastic&logo=anaconda&logoColor=white) ![Angular](https://img.shields.io/badge/angular-%23DD0031.svg?style=plastic&logo=angular&logoColor=white) ![nVIDIA](https://img.shields.io/badge/cuda-000000.svg?style=plastic&logo=nVIDIA&logoColor=green) ![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-005571?style=plastic&logo=fastapi) ![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/flask-%23000.svg?style=plastic&logo=flask&logoColor=white) ![Insomnia](https://img.shields.io/badge/Insomnia-black?style=plastic&logo=insomnia&logoColor=5849BE) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=plastic&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-%23150458.svg?style=plastic&logo=pandas&logoColor=white) ![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-%23ffffff.svg?style=plastic&logo=Matplotlib&logoColor=black) ![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-%23F7931E.svg?style=plastic&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=plastic&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=plastic&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![GitLab](https://img.shields.io/badge/gitlab-%23181717.svg?style=plastic&logo=gitlab&logoColor=white) ![Arduino](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Arduino-00979D?style=plastic&logo=Arduino&logoColor=white) ![Jira](https://img.shields.io/badge/jira-%230A0FFF.svg?style=plastic&logo=jira&logoColor=white) ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=plastic&logo=postman&logoColor=white) ![Raspberry Pi](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Raspberry_Pi-C51A4A?style=plastic&logo=Raspberry-Pi) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=plastic&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=plastic&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=plastic&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=plastic&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) ![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/sqlite-%2307405e.svg?style=plastic&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=plastic&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=thiagocamerato757&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=thiagocamerato757&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=thiagocamerato757&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=thiagocamerato757&theme=dark&no-frame=true&no-bg=true&margin-w=4)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=thiagocamerato757&limit=5&theme=dark&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Revise README with updated bio and links
Updated personal information and social links in README.

README.md, after:

# 💫 About Me:
I’m an undergraduate Computer Science student at PUC-Rio, with a strong interest in Artificial Intelligence and its applications. I am currently focusing on Machine Learning (ML), Large Language Models (LLMs), and the MCP Servers.<br><br>I enjoy applying theoretical concepts to real-world projects. My goal is to develop intelligent and efficient solutions while continuously improving my skills in programming, data analysis, and intelligent systems.


## 🌐 Socials:
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/camerato_thiago.dev) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/Thiago/Camerato) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:cameratothiago@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=plastic&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=plastic&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/numpy-%23013243.svg?style=plastic&logo=numpy&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=plastic&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=plastic&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=plastic&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/sqlite-%2307405e.svg?style=plastic&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=plastic&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![Anaconda](https://img.shields.io/badge/Anaconda-%2344A833.svg?style=plastic&logo=anaconda&logoColor=white) ![Angular](https://img.shields.io/badge/angular-%23DD0031.svg?style=plastic&logo=angular&logoColor=white) ![nVIDIA](https://img.shields.io/badge/cuda-000000.svg?style=plastic&logo=nVIDIA&logoColor=green) ![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-005571?style=plastic&logo=fastapi) ![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/flask-%23000.svg?style=plastic&logo=flask&logoColor=white) ![Insomnia](https://img.shields.io/badge/Insomnia-black?style=plastic&logo=insomnia&logoColor=5849BE) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=plastic&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/pandas-%23150458.svg?style=plastic&logo=pandas&logoColor=white) ![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-%23ffffff.svg?style=plastic&logo=Matplotlib&logoColor=black) ![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-%23F7931E.svg?style=plastic&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=plastic&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=plastic&logo=github&logoColor=white) ![GitLab](https://img.shields.io/badge/gitlab-%23181717.svg?style=plastic&logo=gitlab&logoColor=white) ![Arduino](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Arduino-00979D?style=plastic&logo=Arduino&logoColor=white) ![Jira](https://img.shields.io/badge/jira-%230A0FFF.svg?style=plastic&logo=jira&logoColor=white) ![Postman](https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=plastic&logo=postman&logoColor=white) ![Raspberry Pi](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Raspberry_Pi-C51A4A?style=plastic&logo=Raspberry-Pi) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=plastic&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=plastic&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-%234ea94b.svg?style=plastic&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=plastic&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) ![SQLite](https://img.shields.io/badge/sqlite-%2307405e.svg?style=plastic&logo=sqlite&logoColor=white) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=plastic&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=thiagocamerato757&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=thiagocamerato757&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=thiagocamerato757&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact)

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=thiagocamerato757&theme=dark&no-frame=true&no-bg=true&margin-w=4)

### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=dark)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=thiagocamerato757&limit=5&theme=dark&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
